[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: We're going
to take what we've built,
which is hard-coded data in routes,
pretty generalized handlebars templates
that are using h to iterate over lists.
And now we're going to switch to getting
a real data from the GitHub public API.
So I want you guys to leave the orgs page,
which is your hard-coded list of orgs.
Leave that as is and
we're going to make it so
everything downstream of that is
actually getting data from an API.
Remember how to use modelFor because
in order to build some of these URLs,
you will not have complete
information in the model
hook to do what you need to be able to do,
to build the URL.
Pay attention to what
you want to give Ember.
Pay attention to id and
take a look at GitHub's returning and
make adjustments as appropriate so
that things work the way you want
to them to work.
>> Mike North: So
this is a literal example here.
You can see that they're
gonna return a numeric id.
And my suggestion here, although you guys
can take whatever approach you like,
is I've just moved id to oldId and
copied the name parameter, which is
the name of this repository into id.
So I haven't actually
lost information here.
I've just made a little swap so that I can
use this and link to the way I would like.
And this is very common to have to
do something like this in Ember.
Anytime you have a highly opinionated
convention-oriented framework,
there will be some work in dealing
with things that don't align with it.
And, oftentimes, you don't have
the perfect API to talk to with Ember.
So, this is something that is
a common thing to have to deal with.
So here's an example.
This is like the error function version
of what I just described which is
create this oldId property equal to the id
and the collaborate id with the name.
And, effectively,
that will take you from the top thing,
which is what GitHub tells you, to the
bottom thing, which is what Ember wants.
And remember that promises chain?
And so the fact that I'm returning
raw from inside the callback to then,
that means that, ultimately, if I were
to return this form my model hook,
I would be returning the JSON on
the bottom example with oldId and
with the id as the text, name of the repo.
And, finally,
I've done your research for you guys,
and here is a cheat sheet for
endpoints that you may find useful.
GitHub, for these endpoints,
requires no authentication,
you don't have to worry about that.
You can just use your browser if you
want and kind of poke around and
see how it works.